[Music]
the 14 most unusual jobs that actually
pay well do you feel happy every day
when you get up and head for work do you
feel excited about what this new day is
bringing eager to get down to your tasks
well in such a case you are one of a few
lucky ones there are a lot of people out
there who are not satisfied or just
plain bored with their office work
however there is also a small group of
people who are doing jobs you will never
believe exist and all this for some
serious cash get ready to see the jobs
that obliterate the nine-to-five
concepts number 14 professional snuggler
if you need to be hugged cuddled and
snuggled but you're all alone then your
answer is a professional snuggler
you'll be surprised to find some
companies offering the most enjoyable
and relaxing professional cuddling
experience you get to hug somebody so
you have to pay between $60 and $80 an
hour
bear in mind nothing more than hugs by
the way during their training most
professional snugglers have to read a
very curious book its name is cuddle
Sutra
sounds familiar doesn't it the book
teaches the theory of platonic snuggling
and the ways to hug another person there
exists as many as 50 various positions
to do it another fact about the people
involved in this profession 99 percent
of them are women why is that what do
you think
leave a comment number 13 golf ball
diver if you enjoy scuba diving and
being outdoors then you are a perfect
candidate for this unusual job golf ball
divers are responsible for collecting
all the golf balls from the bottom of
ponds on courses sounds easy and
enjoyable well the truth is that not
many ponds are well taken care of and
you can find a lot of nasty mud algae
and even snakes down there
the wages depend on the balls found the
more the better
one ball can contribute to the budget of
a diver just several cents but you
should know that a professional can
collect more than a thousand balls in
only an hour and get about $100 for a
bag of them number 12
pet food taster pets are our friends and
we have to make sure that they eat
delicious and nutritious meals call in
the pet food testers they taste pet food
to evaluate the flavors and check if
it's up to quality standards nobody
deserves bad food especially the
favorite member of the family so what is
the process don't worry the testers
don't typically swallow pet food they
put a tiny bit into their mouths check
the flavor spit the food out and take
the next sample it's necessary to admit
that this is only a small part of the
job most time they invent new ideas
about how to improve the pet food and
write reports number 11 bed tester as
the title suggests there are people who
test beds mattresses and pillows for
companies and hotels that's right you
are paid to sleep at work sounds like a
dream job in reality it's hard work a
good bed tester knows how to lie down to
check that the mattress has no tips and
that the edges of the bed are strong
enough to sit on what's more there are
additional difficulties let's look at
the work responsibilities of a bed
tester for a luxury bed producer which
provides beds for the Savoy Hotel the
tester has to spend eight hours every
day in a showroom under the conditions
which simulate a travellers experiences
it means they have to sleep after
drinking caffeine or alcohol under
bright lamps or in the dim lighting and
the quiet or loud sound Arrangements the
temperature is constantly changed to
work out the most comfortable for one
sleep and don't forget people who are
crowding around the showroom you still
think it's the work of your dreams hit
the like button if you have ever dreamt
of spending your days at work sleeping
number ten paper towel sniffer you might
have noticed that all paper towels
either smell delicious or have almost no
smell it's not a coincidence but the
fruits of hard work from paper towel
sniffers they sniff paper towels for
manufacturers to make sure they don't
have any unwanted smells don't get too
excited because it's easier to get a job
as a brain surgeon than this job which
might be one of the smallest job niches
out there the applicants are to have
extremely heightened smell senses
nevertheless hundreds of job
applications are sent in every month no
wonder a sniffer can earn more than
$1,000 a week just smelling paper towels
Azir nose extra sensitive and you also
love paper towels then perhaps you've
been born for this job number nine face
filled feelers work for skin care
companies they don't produce products
but they feel the faces of people who
are trying new products to see if there
is any improvement you do need some
serious ability and knowledge to feel
the difference and it is a big
responsibility to approve or decline
certain products based on your face
feeling experience another name of this
profession is a sensory scientist as
they have to evaluate the smell taste
and even sound of cosmetic products the
feelers themselves admit that the
hardest part of the job is having to
feel for example somebody's just shaven
legs or asking men to try lipstick or
simply discussing pros and cons of
hygiene products for women with the
subjects of this research the matter a
bit too private isn't however a salary
of $25 per hour
might be a good consolation prize number
8 line standard if you don't like
queuing there is a perfect solution just
hire a professional line standard a
person who will queue for you for a fee
sometimes you have to line up for 19
hours to get a newly launched product or
a sample sales item it's a hard and
boring job that can be well-paid a line
standard can earn more than $1,000 a
week what if it's cold rainy or snowy is
it worth the discomfort
what do you think number 7 waterslide
tester it's day five of your family
vacation and your kids are driving you
crazy
it's aqua part-time at
day for your kids to release all their
pent-up energy and for you to let loose
a little a perfect water park has fun
for kids and safety for adults and the
water slide testers responsibility lies
in taking multiple trips down the slide
to see how much water it needs how
quickly you can reach the bottom and how
safe and fun it is what a hard job and
you should also keep in mind that the
salary of a water slide tester can reach
$35,000 a year the main task here is to
get selected from several thousands of
applicants number six snake milk snake
venom poison can be used for many things
but the most important is its use in
medical research or to provide
anti-venom as a result there is a high
demand for snake poison every year
snake milkers spend their days pushing
snakes in certain types only into a
plastic container to extract or milk the
snake these true heroes save lives by
milking snakes the job demands fearless
employees with good manual skills one
small mistake can become fatal anyway
the paycheck covers the risk a snake
milker can get about three thousand
dollars a month
number five body part model it turns out
you don't need to be beautiful and have
an incredible body to be a successful
model if you have attractive hands or
beautiful feet the world is waiting for
you besides some products are also
looking for ugly feeder hands in fact
the hand and foot models are in the
highest demand they can advertise
manicure or nail polish shoes or special
foot cream successful body models are
well paid so there is always a way to
reach your dream hot or not so do you
have beautiful ears use them to get a
job promoting mobile phones or jewelry
number four worm picker a simple job
that requires you to be in love with
being outdoors when somebody goes
fishing they need worms which you can
buy in many shops have you ever wondered
how the worms get into the shop worm
pickers walk in grassy areas Gardens
parks golf courses after dark and pick
up
the thing is worms are made to go up to
the surface by the chlorinated water
which is sprinkled on the lawns after
locating the worms using a flashlight
the picker sorts them and packs into
containers it pays quite well from
seventeen to forty four thousand dollars
a year
number three stunt tester you've
probably seen shows like x-factor or
Fear Factor where one of the challenges
is to eat live bugs or insects to make
sure that disgusting food is suitable
for eating companies hire stunt testers
they try obscure or terrible food to
make sure that nobody will get hurt
except them as high risk is involved
they are highly paid number two nude
model reviewing yourself to other people
is either illegal or extremely intimate
not so for these models who bear it all
in the name of art you don't have to
have the best body but you need
confidence and the ability to hold a
pose for hours number one armpit sniffer
armpit sniffers work for deodorant
manufacturers to ensure the quality of
the product out as a quality check
happen sniffers spend their days in a
hot room or outdoors
sometimes sniffing up to sixty armpits
an hour their goal is to determine how
effective the deodorant is a write up
reports and help the world the smell
better what do you need to land such a
job first of all a heightened sense of
smell and secondly well are you ready to
smell somebody's sweaty body if your
answer is yes your salary might reach
$50,000 a year which professions seem
the most desirable for you and which one
sounded the craziest share your opinion
in the comments we would love to know
your point of view and hit the like
button if we get 45 thousand likes we
will tell you about the top 10 hardest
and unique professions in the world join
us on the bright side